Convert to the course I wanted to show you really quickly something that Paducah offers bosonic has
the same thing.
Same with if you ever wanna use kino and Kino topia they have template libraries.
Now these are really helpful because a lot of people make specifics wireframe for Android Windows Phone
Iowa us and they don't have all of the stencils you could possibly want.
And so it's really helpful what you can do is you just go to these templates and get a lot of reusable
elements that are really helpful.
So for instance if I'm making an iOS app I can download it.
I've already downloaded it.
And here we go.
I have a whole section of stuff I could use.
I for instance this would be really helpful if I wanted to simulate the keyboard I could use a keyboard
and insert that in.
Now the way that you pull that into Paducah is pretty simple you just go to your web your prototype
select any page
and then it you literally just pull it in through my images.
So I would say right here you pick something like this.
There you go.
Or keyboard.
I want to add Qwerty.
There you go.
There it is.
Now I can use that as I please.
All this doesn't make sense because it's on a web format but that's how you would pull and specific
elements.
It's really helpful because it makes it look a little bit more realistic when you have all the standard
stuff like Windows phone it can be very strange.
So it's helpful as well because if you're building something that has a lot of social integrations they
are not going to help you be able to imitate every single type of button that Facebook has or Facebook
Connect or really any of the things that they could possibly use later in the course.
I'm going to show you how to recreate Facebook and Pinocchio just as an exercise.
You guys can get good at this.
And I will use the stencil set because I can use some of the items in and it's sins of saving me a lot
of time.
Again if you want to make an e-commerce site use these two as well so check these out if you're doing
mobile e-commerce and anything that does your Facebook can save you a decent chunk of time.
Right so in the next lecture.